Add information about webhook payload types (#7247)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 16/umbraco-cms/reference/webhooks/README.md

### JSON Payload

Each webhook event sends a JSON payload. The following types of payloads are available by default

-   Legacy: This is the current default but will be removed in a future version. It uses the payloads as they were before V16. These payloads are inconsistent and contain information that was never ment to be exposed or is superseded by newer types (int vs guid).
-   Minimal: This will be the default in v17+. This version of the payloads will only contain information to indentify the resource in question. For most resources this will be it's unique identifier. Some events might require more information. For example: the payload for the document publish event will also contain all cultures that were published at that point in time.
-   Extended: These are new payload types that are available for some but not all events that gives you all relevant information regarding the event. Some information, like user/member names and emails, are not part of the payloads for security/privacy concerns. In cases where an extended payload is not present for an event, the minimal will be used as fallback.

You can change which payload type is used by

> -   Changing the appsetting `Umbraco:CMS:Webhook:PayloadType`. Be aware that the system that uses this value is run before any composers. If you manipulate the `WebhookEventCollectionBuilder` in anyway then those methods will not automatically pick up this appsetting.
> -   Passing in the PayloadType into the `WebhookEventCollectionBuilderExtensions` methods to control which webhook events are added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Changing the appsetting `Umbraco:CMS:Webhook:PayloadType`. Be aware that the system that uses this value runs before any composers. If you manipulate the `WebhookEventCollectionBuilder` in any way, then those methods will not automatically pick up this app setting.
-   Passing in the PayloadType into the `WebhookEventCollectionBuilderExtensions` methods to control which webhook events are added.
```

### JSON Payload

Each webhook event sends a JSON payload. The following types of payloads are available by default.

#### Legacy

This is the current default but will be removed in a future version. Legacy payloads follow the format used before version 16. They are inconsistent and may include data that should not be exposed or has been superseded (e.g., use of `int` instead of `Guid`).
#### Minimal

This will become the default in version 17 and later. Minimal payloads include only essential information to identify the resource. For most events, this means a unique identifier. Some events may include additional data. For example, a document publish event also includes the list of published cultures.
#### Extended

Extended payloads include all relevant information for an event, where available. However, sensitive data, such as usernames, member names, or email addresses, is excluded for privacy and security reasons. If an extended payload is not available for an event, the system falls back to the minimal payload.

### Configuring Payload Types

> Payload type can be configured in several ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Payload type can be configured in the following ways:
```
